all right rogue phase three time so
let's cover the absolute business or
what are the best items you can get then
we'll cover some potential side grades
prior friendly items basically things
that aren't quite this but they're close
to this and they're what i'd recommend
as kind of side grade options that you
can look to words or
more friendly items that your guild
isn't going to yell at you for trying to
pryor for example then we're going to
cover some top prior picks so these are
kind of like if i was given a top 10
list and say hey snomi pryo these items
how would i want to prior them this is
how i would rank the items in the order
that i would prior them personally for
my own rogue and then we're going to
cover shadow resist as well because some
people want to know how to set out their
early shadow resist set and i'll show
you the way i did it it's um kind of
like a cost efficient way to do it
because i don't think you actually want
to go too crazy on your shadow resist
set and i'll explain why in that section
and then finally we're going to cover
murder and improve eviscerate so a lot
of people are asking me questions about
hey snow should i be using murder
talents should i dump those two murder
talents in to prove eviscerate for phase
three let's cover it now and let's get
into the guide and before we continue i
do have to say thank you to all of you
guys uh you guys on the patreon here
who support me i couldn't do this
without you as you guys know i aim to
make high quality youtube content
without the clickbait without the bs
just good high quality guides and i lose
views because of that and i couldn't do
this without you guys on the patreon who
support me and make all these videos
possible so thank you so much to
everyone on the patreon for supporting i
appreciate it if you want to help out
links in the description below it's just
like a twitch sub except you guys get
extra perks weak horrors and other cool
things as thanks for helping make these
videos and guides possible so thank you
so much let's get into the guide okay so
as always i do have perks for the
patreons first so i wanted to show you
guys two updated week or as i've done
one is already an existing patreon week
or that i updated and made even nicer
for you guys and another is a brand new
additional week aura i made for the
patrons to track their explosives so
let's cover in a brand new one first is
the explosives weaker so this weaker
that i have here shows you all
your
sapper timings and bomb timings and
dynamite timings and regular cyber
timings so for people that don't know
there's actually three different timings
for these
so you can see here it's based on what
you have in your bag so you can see
this new bar has appeared down here
and it will show only based on what i
have in my bags so right now i have felt
iron bombs and sappers in my bag but
let's say i grab a super sapper out of
the
mail
you can see now i have super sappers
appear down here as well so you can see
this is how it tracks the explosive
timings is because super sappers you use
on a five minute cooldown but after you
use your super sappers you can actually
use your regular sappers and then after
you use your regular sappers you can
actually use your fel iron bombs or
grenades or whatnot
for two to three times basically and
then your super sap has come back up so
i'll show you here so if i use a super
sapper so you can see i have a super
sapper here in my bag so let's say we
click that
so you can see it sets my other timers
on a one minute cooldown so basically
this is the way that explosives works
for people that don't know is that when
you use your super sapper it puts the
supersaf on a five minute cooldown but
then your regular zappers and
explosives can go on a separate cooldown
then if i use my separate charge after
this it'll put
both the super sapper cooldown will
still be running down but then my
regular sapper cooldown will be running
down but then if i use my uh explosive
cooldown that's again separate right so
this is why i have three different cool
down timers here to monitor them and
this is for the super sweaty players
basically you know you sweaty guys that
uh want to monitor your cooldown timings
and and are throwing these grenades a
lot so for the grenade slot it actually
monitors
felt iron bombs it it monitors dynamite
and it also monitors adamantite grenade
all three of these are overlaid on the
same spot and like i said all of these
are dynamic so if for example i don't
have any more separate charges so let's
say i use the sap charge over here the
zapper is going to disappear
all right so i use the sapper charge the
zapper disappears because i don't have
them in my bags anymore all right so get
rid of the icon so i don't need that
timer anymore and you can see it puts my
explosive cooldown on a one weight
cooldown but my super separate cooldown
doesn't get affected so yeah that's just
a handy little weaker i made for you
guys now the other bonus for patrons is
i updated my rogue act as weaker so you
guys may know this weaker this is the
weaker that sits in the middle of my ui
it's probably the most popular week or i
have and it shows up like slice and dice
time is your rogue time is your trinket
time is your tier five four piece timers
things like that show up in the middle
here and it helps you basically time all
your buffs together and such well i
updated it and made it a little bit more
fancy so i'll show you what i mean so
you can see here i made the uh four set
proc bonus here to warn you you'll see
once it's less than five seconds it has
a glowy border just a pixel board i
think that helps you notice it and just
in case you forget to use your cooldown
and it's there so i basically did this
sort of effect on a few things i did it
on deadly poison as well once it gets
less than five seconds on deadly poison
you see the pixel border comes up so
these are just things i added to kind of
help remind you when uh timers are due
so i added pixel borders just as kind of
indicators to
point out key timing windows for when
you need to be thinking about something
just in case you forget in the moment
now the final one i did it for is
exposed armor so you can see if i've
exposed armor this mob here
once it gets below 20 seconds the pixel
board is going to come up now i did this
because at 20 seconds that's when you
want to start thinking about dumping
your combo points and regaining them so
usually around 17 to 18 seconds is when
you want to dump combo points so i set
it to less than 20 so that at 20 seconds
you you know okay oh i in the next two
three seconds i need to dump my combo
points and regain them if i want to dump
my combo points at this point so yeah
it's just a little bit of a helpful
thing i added just to just to help
a little bit with
uh timing windows and things for the
weaker just just a subtle little update
but i hope the patrons will enjoy it so
this is an extra little bonus upgrade i
threw in there for the patrons so you
can grab both of these weak r links for
this explosive weaker and then the
updated rogue actors week are on the
patreon uh linked on the latest post so
enjoy all right now as always if you
want to reference this later or you want
it all neatly sorted into information
for you guys this entire guide is
available in text format on the website
at tbcguys.gg with all the relevant 70
upgrades links and everything but yeah
let's go over the business now we'll
start with a quick overview all right so
i'm here on 70 upgrades because i want
to be able to mouse over you and show
you the different
upgrade paths you can pick as well so
here we have curse vision of sargeras
obviously super super good helmet from
illidan
rogues are not very high prior on this
in fact we are kind of low prio versus
other classes because even though it's a
really nice item other classes get even
more benefit
on this than us so just be aware of that
is best but we don't really get very
good prior on the cursed vision
uh choco of endless nightmares we
actually do all right on prio on this
and it is a very good item but you can
see no stamina so just be aware you are
dropping your stamina survivability hp
for this neck but it's a very good neck
in terms of pure dps upgrade
next we have the four piece layers so
you can see you use the slayer shoulders
uh slay your chest here you got your
slayer's hands and then you got your
slayer's legs over here so four piece
layers all the slayer pieces are really
really good the shoulders are
technically one of the better pickups
but because teardrops are doubled in the
coming phase for this entire phase three
i wouldn't really worry about tier tier
tiers freebie and all out here is really
good so rosa very lucky in that all of
our tier here is really really good and
really kind of free to pick up
at worst we wait a little bit longer but
because of the double drop rate tier is
free for basically everyone unless you
get unlucky
now next we have shadow moon destroyers
drape a really good back nice solid
maybe 10 ish dps upgrade but just be
aware that there is a cloak coming up in
phase four which i'll cover in a little
bit and show you that is not too far
behind this actually pretty close so if
you don't get this don't feel too bad
because there's another alternative
option you can pick up next phase
insidious bands very nice upgrade
actually uh quite a good juicy upgrade
yeah i would highly recommend this uh
higher up on the prior list but i'll
cover the full prior list
later on in this guide but yeah very
very good upgrade the insidious bands
warglaives of course obviously your
abyss just be aware that if you're not
getting warglaives or even if you are
getting warglaives i would highly
recommend all rogues uh do arena this
season takes you about a month you need
to be 1850 plus rating but as far as
points go you can
uh pick up enough points in roughly
about a month so four weeks of arena 10
games a week if you can pick three
friends or four friends if you want to
do threes or fives and just
bang out those ten games every week and
that will give you enough points in like
four ish weeks depending on what bracket
you play in now as far as the rating
goes if you are on a popular server i
would honestly say if you are trying and
you just can't get yourself to 1850 uh
there are people or friends that will
help you out
and it's not even against blizzard toss
or anything you can get friends to carry
you there's arena carries 1850 is
basically free for any uh glad rank one
player to get you to that level is it's
really not hard for a high level player
to help
carry you there if you want to join your
three steam or five steam so it's high
as a highly recommended option if you're
not walgley's prior or even if you are
that you try to pick up a vengeful
gladiator slicer
just because it's it's a very very easy
option and you don't know how long
you're going to be waiting for that
warglaive even if you are walgley pryor
so i would highly recommend doing that
just just because it's easy honestly
i've seen people get carried to 1850
rating for as little as 1k gold and
that's like a day worth of farming if
they weren't able to pvp themselves and
honestly it's not even that hard to get
to 1850 uh rating yourself if if you
want to earn it and feel like oh i
earned that rating myself it's actually
not that hard to do uh particularly in
like the fives bracket
now often if you do not get wargler's
prio i would highly recommend you pick
up blade of savagery obviously
uh because it is basically best for the
rest of the game is the only option you
have if you don't get warglaives uh
you're basically using this for the rest
of the game so
yeah try to pick up blade of savagery if
you are not warglaze pryor is highly
highly recommend something that you want
to pick up it's basically like a better
latrose now for belt you're still using
your belt of 100 defs there are some
not really that great options at this
phase if you don't have it but honestly
most guilds will keep killing vash
because you can run straight to vash and
just kill vash
so
it's kind of a no-brainer for a lot of
girls to keep doing vash because it's
super easy fight now
so yeah i i would still recommend most
rogues try to pick this up if you don't
have it yet it's it's still best buy
quite a lot and it's the best belt we
have until
phase five basically shadow masters
boots a nice solid dps upgrade again
there is an alternative coming up in
phase four so while this is this is not
like a super super high prior item that
i would i would have but we'll cover
that later stormridge ring really really
good item if i could pick one item that
is in warglaives to pick up this phase
for pure pve purposes it's stormrage
signet ring really really good pickup
this for the rest of the game basically
so yeah great great ring for pve works a
ring of deceitful intent now there's
kind of two rings you can pick up for
your second slot you have this ring of
deceitful intent this is dropped from
shade of akama uh it's basically free
there's not many other people that want
this i think there might be one other or
two people in your raid that might want
this at most
for most people so it's kind of like a
freebie ring but for this second slot
ring you can actually also pick up the
um band of eternal champion which is
free so yeah just just heads up that's
the rep ring it's it's very good as well
we don't actually know how good it is
because ben of eternal champion has
um an unofficial proc rate we we haven't
been able to test it yet but based on
just an average one prop per minute
number
uh the banner eternal champion is fairly
close to alternatives it's kind of in
that uh ring of lethality
up to
uh band of ranger general ring of
deceitful and ten kind of in this area
of rings so if you can't pick up ring of
deceitful intent uh this rep ring is
still a good
ring to use as well now for trinkets you
keep using walk sprinkle and dragon
spine trophy there is the alternative
trinket that we get this phase which is
the
ash tongue talisman of lethality and uh
it's i i don't like this as much as warp
spring but depending on the situation it
can still be pretty good i would still
rather have a wall spring coil if you
give me a choice but if you don't have
dragon spine trophy and warp sprinkle
this uh freebie trinket that we get this
phase is a good filler slot for that
second
trinket slot if you have one out of the
two and for your range you're still
using arcanite steam pistol now really
quick before we move on and i explain
some of the side grids a little bit more
people always ask me about jamming and
you see here for a lot of the jamming
i've done the 5 hit 5 agility jamming
now this is because it's just a very
good
gem in general but the easiest way to
think about your jamming
is
that you want to look at your hit number
so the hit amount that you get and so
right now i gain 270 hit from the
current jamming
basically you want to go
to the guide on my website i'll link it
below as well if you don't know the hit
number that you want most people do so
for me it's 269 hit is the rough hit
number i'm aiming for and if i'm below
that i jam more hit and then if i'm
above that i start jamming more agility
that's basically kind of like the cliff
notes version of how to jam obviously
you can
kind of alternate it by you can either
jam more five hit rating five agility
gems or you can split that up and do
like 10 hit rating 10 agility gems it's
just kind of it's kind of up to you
depending on what bonuses you have at
the moment what set items you choose to
go with uh what hit numbers you go with
because as you upgrade like
right now i wouldn't say just copy the
70 upgrades link for your jamming
because
i don't know what items you have if you
have one item here with less hit or more
hit it will change how much hit you need
to hit that number in your head that
you're aiming to hit so yeah just just
be aware that uh it hit is very fluent
you don't have to hit that number but
the easiest way to jam is to just think
oh i'm aiming for 269 hit okay i'm under
that then i will
jam more hit and if i'm over that i'll
start jamming towards agility so yeah oh
and by the way if you didn't know just
just hot tip the 24 attack power gem
from jewelcrafting if you are joe
crafter is still bugged to give you 32
attack power so just you know heads up i
would use it it's 32 attack power even
though it says 24
so you know
just just use it if you're a joe crafter
now the thing to keep in mind the only
thing that you need to really be
thinking beyond that for jamming is you
will have two blue gems so for your blue
gems i pick these two in a full bit
situation because you need to activate
your meta gem up here so i picked the
slayer's chest because i get eight
attack power from this set bonus and
then i picked the
about 100 deaths for the second set
bonus because i get three agility now
obviously this will depend on what items
with what blue socket bonuses you have
but obviously you just want to try to
match up your two blue gems to the two
set bonuses or two socket bonuses that
you have that give the best stats
out of the options available okay now
quickly let's cover the alternate biz
pickups a little bit more so like i said
the cursed vision
really hard to get because we are not
prior for that as all um rogues are
pretty much one of the last in line for
prio i still want it i would still
recommend if if you're able to
have a chance at it you put it on your
prior list but
the slayer's helm is a very good
alternate pickup while you're waiting
for the other classes ahead of you in
prior to get to your turn so slurs helm
we're only talking about losing 10 to 11
dps so still a very good helm
and um it's it's basically free i think
maybe feral druids might be ahead of us
in the tear pryo for slayer's helm but
again uh
tier is so plentiful with the double
drop rate that it shouldn't be a problem
so uh yeah pick up pick up the helmet
especially if you're on walgreens prio
rogues are going to be sacrificing a lot
of their prior anyway for those wall
glibs so uh yeah tier really really good
pickup for the helmet slot now ring as i
said banner of eternal champion it's
kind of like we don't know what the
official proc rate is on this so it can
be anywhere from like minus five dps to
plus five dps or more we just don't know
what the official proc weight is on this
yet but potentially it's it's a
ring it's potentially the best level
ring and it's free so kind of why not
the thing about rings this phase is that
you don't really have to worry about any
other ring except stormrage signet ring
you have so many choices for your second
ring that i would not worry about it uh
stormrage signet ring is just the one
ring that you want to get and the second
option you you got so much to pick from
now for trinket we already covered that
a very good uh pickup if you're still
waiting for your dst
slash uh warts from coil so ashton tells
me saudi very good alternate pickup
while you're waiting a segment of primal
wraps so i'm gonna cover a few items
here which are coming up in phase four
the thing is we don't know how long page
three is gonna last before phase four
comes out because they kind of like
combine phases but not combined so i'm
not sure how blizzard's going to treat
them or how long we're going to have
phase three
but coming up in phase four again we
have yet another ring option so again
don't worry about rings outside the
illidan ring because
they are super super plentiful
now next phase we do have an alternate
cloak so if you can't pick up the base
cloak from this phase don't worry about
picking up cloak of fiends it's we're
talking about
maybe less than a 3 to 5 dps difference
that you're losing going to this phase 4
cloak
coming up next phase so yeah very very
solid pickup from zhao oman next phase
if you can't pick up the cloak this
phase
now ninja that b boots really good boots
actually better than the boots this face
except you gotta wait for phase four but
they are basically free because you get
them from 60 badge of justice
so
yeah don't worry too much about the
boots if you can't pick them up this
phase because next phase we get a really
really good boot option for free
okay now you may already know this as
i've basically explained it has gone
along but if you want just a straight
out list of what i would recommend as
the top pve rogue item surprise
by far and none
prior stormrage cichlid ring first okay
a stormbreaker signet ring just
you should pry out this first it's best
for the rest of the game it's a good
chunky dps upgrade we're talking 10 to
12 dps upgrade from the next best
ring you can get this phase so very very
uh good pickup that you're gonna use for
the rest of the game
now keep in mind that the rest of this
priorities just assume
that you don't mind waiting for your
tear i personally don't mind waiting for
my tear that's why i have it down here
in this in the last slot because tier is
usually free you wait long enough tears
just free for everyone because of the
double drop rate so i don't really
recommend that if your guild does some
sort of
prio list system that you have to submit
i don't recommend putting tear very high
at all if if at all i i don't mind
waiting personally to pick up my tear
now second after stormray signet ring i
would actually recommend you pick up the
choker of endless nightmares because
this doesn't get replaced until phase
five uh the alternate options you can
pick up this phase uh we are not prior
for in that other classes
want the choker of serrated blades or
whatever that secondary um
armor pen necklace is we are not proud
for that so you really do want to choke
off endless nightmares and it's a good
15-ish dps upgrade from what you're
currently using right now so highly
recommend you put that number two now
number three you can put insidious bands
that's what i'm doing it's a good chunky
15 to 20 dps upgrade if you're upgrading
from phase 3 items straight to it
you do have some alternative drops
that's why it's not number two in that
there are some alternative braces that
do drop this coming phase three as well
so it is still bisto so even if we
compare those to the alternative drops
this is still like a six to nine dps
upgrade from them or a 15 to 20 dps
upgrade from a phase three level uh item
so yeah really good braces here and also
good for pvp by the way depending on
your comp some double dps combs for
example might really like insidious
bands
now curse vision of sargeras this is a
man it's an item everyone wants is the
problem
and our slayer's helm was so good like i
said that it's really hard to justify
giving rogues prior on this
but it is still a solid 10 plus dps
upgrade over
even slayer's helm so
while i have this rank four it's mostly
just due to the fact that i don't think
rogues can really get proud on this in
most skills so it's kind of not really
worth wasting a prior on it if your
guild doesn't have roles
competitive in the prior distribution
versus the other classes but if for some
reason if for some reason a guild has
like opened prior on this
okay if i don't know why but for some
reason your guild has an open priority
system and you can pry your curse vision
higher i'd probably put it at maybe like
number two if i could get it higher but
um that's totally depending on you for
example i proud this even more because i
pvp and i want this for pvp but um just
be aware super super hard to get prior
on curse vision because rogues are
really not the best class to pick them
up early
so i don't know maybe maybe your girl
gets lucky and you get a ton of them
fingers crossed for you now after curse
vision is shadow moon destroys drape so
shadow moon destroys drape it's a solid
10 ish say dps upgrade um and it's best
until phase five basically but again
this isn't high up in the prior because
we get a zhao amman cloak next phase
that is only a little bit dps below this
so if you miss out on this it's not the
end of the world you can pick up the
zelda man cloak next phase
same with shadow masters boots this is
low because while it's a 10 dps upgrade
from edge walkers we get that freebie
badge option next phase so it's like not
super super high prior there
and then after that is all the tier gear
now out of the tier gear the shoulders
are your best option to pick up but i
wouldn't actually really highly
prioritia gear again just because it's
it's basically free and
i don't believe you can really be like
hey i'm gonna pass on all tear again
pick up shoulders first at least that's
not the way it works in most skills
because the teardrops are kind of rng so
like it might be kind of silly for you
to pass up on all the other tier pieces
just to get shoulders first the teardrop
rate is high enough that i i think you
just pick up the remaining tier pieces
as they drop and not really worry about
priority one over the other and for
those asking um to swap out your
previous tier bonuses for the incoming
tier bonuses you won roughly two items
if you're gonna break your
current uh tier set bonuses you you want
roughly about two items to compensate
for the dps loss of breaking your
current tier set bonus okay now let's
talk about mother shires
uh shadow resist gear set so
the tricky thing about this okay and
i've had a lot of questions people
asking me about the shadow resist set
it's that
you can get a better gear than i'm
displaying now you can get a better gear
set that has better shadow resist and
remaining stats
but the reason i do the set the way i
have it shown here is because this is
kind of like the easiest
set to make for a gear set that you're
going to replace super super quickly
because your guild is going to make
crafted gear as you keep clearing the
raids and then you're going to get rid
of all your crummy shadow resist gear
anyway so this is like a very temporary
thing and as well as that i do think
that rogues
so keep in mind here rogues in
particular
uh we have sprint and if you wanna do
the rocket boots as well we have sprint
and rocket boots and potentially there's
a jewel crafting knack that you can
click as well to give you a little
shield it's
our class has so many options to get out
of the mother shiraz mechanics that we
might be the class that really doesn't
need shadow resist all that much but you
know being a good raider you should
still put together your shareholder
skier get it ready have that 174 shadows
is unbuffed
but just be aware that i'm making my
gear set expecting to not really even
need it that much but i'm just doing it
just because you know i'm being a good
raider by being prepared
and by the way for people wondering 174
shadow resist is the number to aim for
because 174
plus your um
raid priest buffs will get you to the
break point
where you have a better chance to
not take full damage from
your shadow damage so that's why
everyone and every guild is telling you
to get 174 175 shadow resist okay now
looking at the set i have here for share
resist it's literally just i went back
to what i had in the start of the game
for my armor pieces
i shove shadow resist in as many slots
as possible so you can see here i put my
waist walker back in i put my nether
blade two piece back in i shove
uh the resist gems into them the void
spheres into them into every slot that
isn't a meta socket so you can see just
resist slot gems here i i use the armor
kits on
uh the gloves on the chest i use the
wrap seven plus resist enchant
and uh i use the 20 shadow resist here
on the helmet so all of this gets me to
actually exactly one uh 74 i believe for
this set now the things to keep in mind
here is with with my showers this set is
that this abyssal shroud is a quest i
have it linked in the guide here but
this is just a quest item in hellfire
peninsula hopefully you either haven't
done that quest yet or if you did that
quest you shaved this item but yeah if
you didn't save this item there are
alternates you can pick up you can
honestly just
get and go buy a green share resist item
for a couple hundred gold or whatever it
is in your server but if you haven't
done the quest the bissell charge a
really good pickup because then you can
get shadow resistant item and then
shadow resist on the enchant as well and
just double up and have a really good
just one shadow resist item now i'm
using the veterans leather braces here
just because i can
um i i don't need them for pvp right
away so i they're just a very good
swimming bracer with a gem slot that i
can sharp shadow resist in there and
then once i don't need them anymore i'm
gonna get rid of this and put it into my
pvp set instead so it's like just a
temporary usage thing here oh and you
can see here i have fellow leather boots
i just use these just because they have
two slots for me to jam and shove more
shadow resist in there so you can see
just the theme of this is just pick up
gear with lots
of uh slots for me to shove shadow
resist in is basically the key now the
one thing i will say is the neck so this
is the free neck you get from the quest
but you can actually pick up a quest
called pendant of shadows end it's a
jewelcrafting neck and depending on
guild you guys might be doing the strat
where um you have everyone a guild pick
up this mid this pendant of shadow's end
instead of this neck and then the
pendant of shadows n i'll show you here
has a clicky on use 900 to 2.7 k shadow
damage shield for you and your party
members so this is like kind of a
potential alternative pickup
instead of the medallion if you your
guild is going down this this strategy
instead now again keep in mind final
thing is that you don't have to copy
this exactly again this shadow resist
gear is only going to be used for a
little bit until your guild gets the
match for the crafted stuff and then you
can replace all this so this is why i'm
not going crazy on farmable shadow
resist gear when you can just fill your
old gear with shadow resist
stuff and then um use that just for the
initial clears and and then again like i
said rogues may not even need uh to be
using all that much resist when we start
accounting for rocket boots
and sprint if we want to use those
all right finally murder versus improve
of this rate so this is a question a lot
of people are having and including
myself i pondered over this a lot is
that do we keep the two points in murder
or do we move it to improve eviscerate
and the two things to consider here is
that there's only four bosses in black
temple that are humanoid so we're
talking about advantage of murder you're
only going to take advantage of that on
four bosses in black temple and none in
hyjal and a lot of the trash in phase 3
is not humanoid
as well so
murder is not that great but the
alternative if we were to put the two
points in to improve eviscerate
the problem there is that you don't
really eviscerate much as a rogue in tbc
so outside of adrenaline rush type
scenarios where you need to dump a ton
of energy really quickly it's actually
kind of rare to use a vis rate in for a
lot of roads
so there's kind of no perfect option
here
basically
you either take murder which is useless
on a lot of stuff in phase three or you
take improve at this rate which is also
useless a lot of time because you don't
eviscerate that much
now what i'm doing if you want to know
what i'm doing is that i'm
probably going to pick murder for the
black temple clear days if my guild does
black temple on one day and hydro or
another day i will probably go murder
there just because i just like the
murder damage i know it's only four
buses but i just like the murder damage
there and i don't use eviscerate that
much anyway
and then for hydro days since murder is
just completely not useful there on any
other buses that's when i'll probably
swap the two points to um improve evis
rate for the hydro raid days
but if you're rating on the same day for
both of them then then i don't know um
honestly i'd probably still stick with
murder
but i will say i will say the one thing
that i do remember so when i used to
raid uh in progress
uh with some of the top rogues in the
world what i did notice is that really
good rogues do tend to eviscerate a
little bit more on trash because they
don't want to waste the combo points
they don't want to do a slice and dice a
lot of times and just have that slice
and dice just be wasted when you're
running in between stuff so a lot of
times they actually tended to do a lot
of eviscerates
so if i was leaning towards just caring
about just overall damage i don't care
about boss damage at all
i would be tempted to go honestly
improve eviscerate
just for the overall damage on trash but
that's a very um there's a very niche
thing so it's still up to you um i could
see a lot of pumpers just who who want
to see big boss damage still stick with
murder just for black temple
so yeah i don't think there's a wrong
answer here it's going to be kind of up
to you what you want to prior in your
own damage choices
so yeah i hope you found this guide
helpful again thank you so much to all
the patrons for supporting me um i got a
lot more content coming up for you guys
you guys will see a lot more pvp stuff
as well
so thanks a lot guys for the support and
i'll catch you in the next video take
care
[Music]